Resumo da semana

White paper da Oracle http://www.oracle.com/us/solutions/cloud/cloud-integration-wp-1873149.pdf
só mostra Oracle Fusion Middleware, uma plataforma que facilita a integração de BD's oracle com outros BD's na cloud. 
O middleware fica entre o DB e as Applications que usam os dados desse DB. 



Integrating Data Sources Using A Standardized Global Dictionary
Ramon Lawrence and Ken Barker*
Department of Computer Science, University of Manitoba, Canada
* Department of Computer Science, University of Calgary, Canada

Our work attempts to standardize the description of information. Behind most web sites and
applications is a database storing the actual data. Our goal is to capture the semantics of the data
stored in each database so that they may operate together. Capturing data semantics and integrating
data sources is applicable to companies and organizations with multiple databases that must
interoperate.

Constructing an integrated view of many data sources is difficult because they will store
different types of data, in varying formats, with different meanings, and will be referenced using
different names. Subsequently, the construction of the integrated view must, at some level, handle
the different mechanisms for storing data (structural conflicts), for referencing data (naming
conflicts), and for attributing meaning to the data (semantic conflicts).

Integrating data sources using schema integration is involved in constructing both a
multidatabase system and a data warehouse. Both of these architectures are finding applications in
industry because they allow users transparent access to data across multiple sites and provide a
uniform, encompassing view of the data in an organization. On an even wider-scale, a standardized
mechanism for performing schema integration would allow a user's browser to automatically
combine data from multiple web sites and present it appropriately to the user. Thus, a mechanism for
performing schema integration would be of great theoretical and practical importance.

The literature has proposed various methods for integrating data sources. However, the
fundamental problem in these systems is the inability to capture data semantics.A standardized global dictionary is
defines words to reference identical concepts across systems. We then demonstrate a systematic
method of storing data semantics using these dictionary words for integrating relational schemas.

Work on capturing metadata information in industry has resulted in the formation of a metadata
consortium involving many companies in the database and software communities. The goal of the
consortium is to standardize ways of capturing metadata so that it may be exchanged between
systems. The consortium has defined the Metadata Interchange Specification (MDIS) version 1.17
 as an emerging standard for specifying and exchanging metadata.

Global dictionaries have been used before to perform integration. Typically, the dictionary
chosen consists of most (or all) of the English language terms. For example, the Carnot Project9
 used
the Cyc Knowledge base as a global dictionary. The problem with such large dictionaries is that they
lead to ambiguity that further complicates integration.





_________________


TRUSTED	SLA	GUIDED	DATA	INTEGRATION	ON	MULTI-CLOUD ENVIRONMENTS: SHARING ENERGY CONSUMPTION IN SOCIAL NETWORKS